hey guys made kissy with chief get and
kidding ellington hey guys KTM yankton
here and do you want to introduce
yourself sure my name is drifter a lot
of you probably know me from in-depth
videos maybe a few from if it were
realistic and every now and then I'll
make super long commentaries and tell
stories so on today we're going to do
same thing as last time the cookie show
and let's get started so I'm drifter uh
I know a lot of your commentaries have
been about like ghosts and other things
like was this all happened in your
childhood correct like much of it i
would say childhood to mid to late teens
in my 20s not so much of the ghosts
happening but all the dream stuff
happened in the in the 20s for the most
part right Jonathan want some next
question how much cookies you want all
the cookies I one time got a box of over
a hundred cookies and I ate all of them
in a week we're not talking Oreos we're
talking like you hit the whole cookies
in your hand I I ate so many cookies I
still have cookies that I haven't cooked
that I need to eat because they're
delicious it's it sounds like a good
time and I Jonathan's can relate to that
no no I'm not yeah Oh Jonathan I gotta
say I gotta give you credit you are the
number 15 year old worldwide five years
old working your way up 800 900 getting
close to a thousand subscribers I don't
think anybody can compete with you and
age to subscribe sandy Rainn Williams no
one yeah well we actually thought about
this more like well he actually probably
be a world record for youngest like
machinima director yep oh you gotta
you're a machinima director now no I
meant like a partnership my partner okay
well yeah five years old partnered man
you doing great yeah so I know um you
have a lot of series going on what could
we might like subscribers hear about if
it were realistic look at the TV about
that the older videos that I made I made
them
well they were fun but ultimately we
made them on a deadline we're going
weekly with if it were realistic and a
lot of ways I made those videos so that
I can afford to go to college so I was
really just cutting corners and pumping
them out and depending on my friends to
do things that didn't always work out so
the older series some of them are great
some of them were awful we had very
inconsistent content this other one i've
been working on very very slowly and
i've upgraded i met some friends Jacques
and Ryan here in Mississippi and we've
been filming live-action stuff so far we
filmed battlefield 3 in live action and
fallout three new vegas fallout new
vegas and live action ideally in the
future we're going to be doing some
silent hill and Skyrim and left for dead
and things like that so expect more live
action and much higher quality episodes
like you're gonna you're just going to
notice that the production quality is
much much higher there's not going to be
any more these 30 second kind of ghetto
episodes all right it sounds good don't
ask me one question hey gifter yeah i
want to add you like a friend request uh
no and i don't mean this as an insult to
you or anybody else but at the current
size of my channel I probably get if my
if I leave my friends list open i'll
probably get 10 to 20 friends request on
xbox every day three or four people on
Twitter wanting to be friends and
probably about another 10 or 20 on the
I've of the comments or private messages
wanting friend request I would have to
delete over half of my friends list just
to commentate one day of demand sir I
accommodate one day of demand so I can't
take any more friend requests I wish I
could upgrade my would hate to upgrade
my list like 400 but I can't do that ya
know a jonathan we can talk to him here
to download skype you have me on skype i
want to skype way more than xbox yeah
see so um how was it when you're like
filming live-action stuff like is that
like a fun timers all I kind of like a
yet to go through drastic measures like
a you guys went up what was it where did
you film or is it the week after
we went to Salton Sea California down
there by an island in Westmoreland which
if you know where those places are I
feel sorry for you if you live there
though I haven't been back into place
like that we've been filming locally
here in Mississippi which is a bit of a
challenge because there's no actors and
no real like locations as opposed to
California filming a live action does it
makes a very very fun and then a lot of
impatience because when you film live
action you're out there all day I mean
it's it's it's like 10 12 hour shift of
on your feet filming acting redo redo
run run run fight fight fight punch
punch punch fake shoot fake shoot fake
shoot and some of the things you do are
very very fun some of the unexpected
things that happen are very funny but
then again sometimes you're sitting
there for like 30 minutes on your hands
and knees hanging upside down from a
tree at an awkward angle trying to
compose this shot just right you've done
it five times and or you film all the
fun stuff like the action scenes we all
right loud to do all the dialogue and
dialogue is probably just as important
as the action but it's not as fun to
film because you just sit there it's
like I gotta get this composure just
right and wobble the camera as they
speak and make sure that they're doing
the lines right in them I get really
bored with that that's where the crew
helped me out and Ryan they're much more
technical than me so when I get bored
and get a little agitated one is more do
more fight scenes they're the ones that
are that are calm and go through the
dialogue properly that sounds sounds
good and what about new Bruce is pro how
does that work out that takes a lot more
time than people think it does i did it
behind the scenes episode i'm always
behind on that because i have a partner
in that my partner Ozzy better known as
Thomas role he's getting his own YouTube
channel very soon as Ozzy and but the
problem there is I have to film the dog
and green-screen the dark and then I
have to get good gameplay or appropriate
gameplay I have to edit the dog into the
gameplay render the gameplay upload the
gameplay to youtube and then I have to
catch Thomas raw when he's free and I'm
free and completely unhindered no noise
and go to the green screen room and do
live commentary in the green screen room
and then re edit everything all back
together and upload to respawn now they
want that weekly and I just I really
can't do that weekly yeah so Jonathan
you want to ask more questions
well I don't know what kind of course I
will come back to you and you have any
questions for me and Jonathan actually
yes I'm just trying to make sure that
this is clear for people on my channel
that I'm sending here you manage
Jonathan in a sense jonathan is the
celebrity and you're like the celebrity
manager yeah like so it's kind of like
usual celebrity and I'm like his own
agent pretty much gotcha and what
happens when he says he wants to do
something and you know you can't do it
or vice versa um usually we work
something out like he's always saying
like I hi he wants to record with like
really big youtubers like them for
example his birthday is coming up and
his wishes to record over hash on ova
right and I'm like that's going to be
really clear to you with seen ang yeah
record of like really big youtubers and
I'm like I don't know if I could get
that to work out so I try to do
something like like I sent me a sort of
a letter that's on the letter and Alaska
oops I wasn't asking a Ricky from
respawn if he could tell seananners on
to like check Jonathan off that's all I
could really do on that I'm going to
tell you your your odds with seananners
are a little bit better just because you
can go formally through respawn and get
to hit with people like UberHaxorNova
seananners a white boy seventh street
it's a problem of number